content/faq.md, before:

Title: Frequently Asked Questions
Date: 2018-03-22
Category: FAQ
Author: Mark Sherriff

### Do I have to be a CS major to be in the pilot?

For the pilot running during the 2018-2019 academic year, we are focusing on students in the BSCS degree program.  Students that are interested in the BACS degree are allowed to apply and we may choose a set of potential BACS majors over the summer to join the program if there is space.  BACS requirements will be different than the ones listed below.

At this time, we are not considering students who are not pursuing a CS degree.  CPE students cannot join the pilot at this time due to different course requirements.

### Why are there fewer courses in the Foundation Courses than what we take now in the BSCS?  Why are there more than what we take in the BACS?

The proposed Foundation Courses is made up of fewer credits than the existing BS CS required courses, but more than the existing BA CS required courses.  The rationale for this can be seen in several ways:

* One goal is to enable unifying the BA and BS core, which requires a credit number compromise.
* Current courses have evolved to have significant content overlap which can be removed in a redesign.
* Each track will have additional required courses: the total number of required courses is not expected to decrease for any given track, only the number that are identified as Foundation.
* Some topics are being removed from the foundation and pushed to track courses or electives.

### Who will advise students in the pilot?

For advising purposes, students will continue to be advised by their current CS advisor.  Information regarding courses will be posted to this website (http://pilot.cs.virginia.edu).  A Piazza message board has been been created for pilot students and advisors to ask questions of the pilot sub-committee of the UGCC.  Faculty and students can email cs2020pilot-questions@virginia.edu with any questions as well.  Town hall meetings will take place at least twice a semester to get feedback from pilot students and also to provide group advising as needed.  

### If I miss the deadline and decide I want to join the pilot later, can I still apply?

Yes!  We will look at the initial batch first, but will be looking at applications throughout the summer to fill any remaining slots.  

### It looks like the topics are being condensed...

It does look like that, but not really. Partly we are removing some duplication (you don't need to learn binary numbers in four different courses). Partly there are some topics in some currently required courses that we do not believe are foundational, and we are moving out of the foundation (presumably into the appropriate track once we pilot the tracks). We do not expect the pilot to cover material any faster than do the current courses.

### If I do this, what will my schedule look like?

Fall 2018:

- Enroll in the DSA 1 pilot
    - CS 2501-200 (Mark Floryan, MoWeFr 12-12:50pm)
    - either CS 2501-201 or 2501-202 (the lab for 2501-200; We or Th 6:30-7:45pm)
- Enroll in the COA 1 pilot
    - CS 2501-300 (Luther Tychonievich, MoWeFr 2-2:50pm)
    - either CS 2501-301 or 2501-302 (the lab for 2501-300; Mo or Tu 6:30-7:45pm)
- Enroll in Discrete Math (CS 2102), a prerequisite for DSA2
    - at time of writing, TuTh 9:30-10:45 or 2-3:15 or 3:30-4:45, but that could change
- fill out your schedule however you desire

Spring 2019:

- Enroll in the DSA 2 pilot
    - Instructor and times not yet announced
- Enroll in the COA 2 pilot
    - Instructor and times not yet announced
- Enroll in the SEC pilot
    - Instructor and times not yet announced
- fill out your schedule however you desire

Remaining requirements:

- Take CS 3102 (a normal BSCS requirement, also required of BACS in the pilot) could be Spring 2019 or later
- Take CS 4414 (a normal BSCS requirement, not required of BACS in the pilot) could be Fall 2019 or later
- Take CS electives: 6 for BSCS, 3 for BACS -- can start in Fall 2019
- Take the BSCS capstone and non-CS requirements like normal

Commit message:

added links, note about summer Discrete

content/faq.md, after:

Title: Frequently Asked Questions
Date: 2018-03-22
Category: FAQ
Author: Mark Sherriff

### Do I have to be a CS major to be in the pilot?

For the pilot running during the 2018-2019 academic year, we are focusing on students in the BSCS degree program.  Students that are interested in the BACS degree are allowed to apply and we may choose a set of potential BACS majors over the summer to join the program if there is space.  BACS requirements will be different than the ones listed below.

At this time, we are not considering students who are not pursuing a CS degree.  CPE students cannot join the pilot at this time due to different course requirements.

### Why are there fewer courses in the Foundation Courses than what we take now in the BSCS?  Why are there more than what we take in the BACS?

The proposed Foundation Courses is made up of fewer credits than the existing BS CS required courses, but more than the existing BA CS required courses.  The rationale for this can be seen in several ways:

* One goal is to enable unifying the BA and BS core, which requires a credit number compromise.
* Current courses have evolved to have significant content overlap which can be removed in a redesign.
* Each track will have additional required courses: the total number of required courses is not expected to decrease for any given track, only the number that are identified as Foundation.
* Some topics are being removed from the foundation and pushed to track courses or electives.

### Who will advise students in the pilot?

For advising purposes, students will continue to be advised by their current CS advisor.  Information regarding courses will be posted to this website ([http://pilot.cs.virginia.edu](http://pilot.cs.virginia.edu)).  A Piazza message board has been been created for pilot students and advisors to ask questions of the pilot sub-committee of the UGCC.  Faculty and students can email [cs2020pilot-questions@virginia.edu](mailto:cs2020pilot-questions@virginia.edu) with any questions as well.  Town hall meetings will take place at least twice a semester to get feedback from pilot students and also to provide group advising as needed.  

### If I miss the deadline and decide I want to join the pilot later, can I still apply?

Yes!  We will look at the initial batch first, but will be looking at applications throughout the summer to fill any remaining slots.  

### It looks like the topics are being condensed...

It does look like that, but not really. Partly we are removing some duplication (you don't need to learn binary numbers in four different courses). Partly there are some topics in some currently required courses that we do not believe are foundational, and we are moving out of the foundation (presumably into the appropriate track once we pilot the tracks). We do not expect the pilot to cover material any faster than do the current courses.

### If I do this, what will my schedule look like?

Fall 2018:

- Enroll in the DSA 1 pilot
    - CS 2501-200 (Mark Floryan, MoWeFr 12-12:50pm)
    - either CS 2501-201 or 2501-202 (the lab for 2501-200; We or Th 6:30-7:45pm)
- Enroll in the COA 1 pilot
    - CS 2501-300 (Luther Tychonievich, MoWeFr 2-2:50pm)
    - either CS 2501-301 or 2501-302 (the lab for 2501-300; Mo or Tu 6:30-7:45pm)
- Enroll in Discrete Mathematics (CS 2102), a prerequisite for DSA2
    - at time of writing, TuTh 9:30-10:45 or 2-3:15 or 3:30-4:45, but that could change
    - Discrete Mathematics is also offered [as a Summer course](http://summer.virginia.edu/discrete-mathematics) this summer
- fill out your schedule however you desire

Spring 2019:

- Enroll in the DSA 2 pilot
    - Instructor and times not yet announced
- Enroll in the COA 2 pilot
    - Instructor and times not yet announced
- Enroll in the SEC pilot
    - Instructor and times not yet announced
- fill out your schedule however you desire

Remaining requirements:

- Take CS 3102 (a normal BSCS requirement, also required of BACS in the pilot) could be Spring 2019 or later
- Take CS 4414 (a normal BSCS requirement, not required of BACS in the pilot) could be Fall 2019 or later
- Take CS electives: 6 for BSCS, 3 for BACS -- can start in Fall 2019
- Take the BSCS capstone and non-CS requirements like normal
