content/student_info.md, before:

Title: Student Information
Date: 2018-03-22
Category: Students
Author: Mark Sherriff

### Can I participate in the pilot?

Students can participate if you meet the following qualifications:

* Have declared or intend to declare the BSCS degree;
* Are currently enrolled in or have already completed our Introduction to Programming requirement; and,
* Have not yet taken CS 2110 or ECE 2330.

__Note:__ Students that are interested in the BACS degree are allowed to apply and we may choose a set of potential BACS majors over the summer to join the program if there is space.  BACS requirements will be different than the ones listed below.

### How can I apply to join the pilot?

See the "Apply to Join" link at the top of every page in the site!

__The deadline for applying to join is Friday, March 30, 2018!__

### If I miss the deadline and decide I want to join the pilot later, can I still apply?

Yes!  We will look at the initial batch first, but will be looking at applications throughout the summer to fill any remaining slots.  

### If I am accepted, how does that change the courses I will take?

If accepted, students must take following course in the semesters indicated:

__Fall 2018__

  * Data Structures and Algorithms 1 (DSA 1) w/ Prof. Floryan
  * Computer Organization and Architecture 1 (COA 1) w/ Prof. Tychonievich
  * Discrete Mathematics (our current CS 2102 course) if you have not already taken it

__Spring 2019__

  * Data Structures and Algorithms 2 (DSA 2)
  * Computer Organization and Architecture 2 (COA 2)
  * Software Engineering and Construction (SEC)

And you will be given SIS exemptions for:

* CS 2110
* CS 2150
* CS 2190
* ECE 2330
* CS 3240
* CS 3330
* CS 4102

To maintain credit equivalency with the current system, you will be required to take one extra CS elective (6 instead of 5).

### Why should I take part in the pilot?

Since these are new courses, there is some uncertainty in how they will pan out. We hope and expect that participants in the pilot will:

* Experience a better-designed progression of topics with more cohesive presentation and less repetition of material;
* Gain a more current set of foundational skills and knowledge;
* Experience excellent instruction from experienced and excited instructors;
* Benefit from interacting with a smaller, more cohesive cohort of fellow students;
* Have guaranteed admittance to all pilot courses; and,
* Get to be a part of redesigning the CS curriculum for future UVA students.

### Are there any drawbacks to participating in the pilot?

There is some risk in anything new; there is some chance that participants in the pilot might:

* Be given less-refined assignments and assessments;
* Have a smaller set of fellow students and TAs to interact with;
* Be limited in scheduling non-CS courses because each pilot course is offered only once; and,
* Have unusual-looking transcripts (we will provide explanatory letters to accompany transcripts upon request).

In the unlikely event that personal circumstances necessitate withdrawing from the pilot (e.g., to handle family or other situations), we will work with you to ensure you are able to complete your degree. However, barring such circumstances the pilot will need to be taken as a whole or not at all.

Commit message:

notice that applications still open

content/student_info.md, after:

Title: Student Information
Date: 2018-03-22
Category: Students
Author: Mark Sherriff

### Can I participate in the pilot?

Students can participate if you meet the following qualifications:

* Have declared or intend to declare the BSCS degree;
* Are currently enrolled in or have already completed our Introduction to Programming requirement; and,
* Have not yet taken CS 2110 or ECE 2330.

__Note:__ Students that are interested in the BACS degree are allowed to apply and we may choose a set of potential BACS majors over the summer to join the program if there is space.  BACS requirements will be different than the ones listed below.

### How can I apply to join the pilot?

See the "Apply to Join" link at the top of every page in the site!

Although the priority deadline for applying has past, we are still accepting applications.

### If I miss the deadline and decide I want to join the pilot later, can I still apply?

Yes!  We will look at the initial batch first, but will be looking at applications throughout the summer to fill any remaining slots.  

### If I am accepted, how does that change the courses I will take?

If accepted, students must take following course in the semesters indicated:

__Fall 2018__

  * Data Structures and Algorithms 1 (DSA 1) w/ Prof. Floryan
  * Computer Organization and Architecture 1 (COA 1) w/ Prof. Tychonievich
  * Discrete Mathematics (our current CS 2102 course) if you have not already taken it

__Spring 2019__

  * Data Structures and Algorithms 2 (DSA 2)
  * Computer Organization and Architecture 2 (COA 2)
  * Software Engineering and Construction (SEC)

And you will be given SIS exemptions for:

* CS 2110
* CS 2150
* CS 2190
* ECE 2330
* CS 3240
* CS 3330
* CS 4102

To maintain credit equivalency with the current system, you will be required to take one extra CS elective (6 instead of 5).

### Why should I take part in the pilot?

Since these are new courses, there is some uncertainty in how they will pan out. We hope and expect that participants in the pilot will:

* Experience a better-designed progression of topics with more cohesive presentation and less repetition of material;
* Gain a more current set of foundational skills and knowledge;
* Experience excellent instruction from experienced and excited instructors;
* Benefit from interacting with a smaller, more cohesive cohort of fellow students;
* Have guaranteed admittance to all pilot courses; and,
* Get to be a part of redesigning the CS curriculum for future UVA students.

### Are there any drawbacks to participating in the pilot?

There is some risk in anything new; there is some chance that participants in the pilot might:

* Be given less-refined assignments and assessments;
* Have a smaller set of fellow students and TAs to interact with;
* Be limited in scheduling non-CS courses because each pilot course is offered only once; and,
* Have unusual-looking transcripts (we will provide explanatory letters to accompany transcripts upon request).

In the unlikely event that personal circumstances necessitate withdrawing from the pilot (e.g., to handle family or other situations), we will work with you to ensure you are able to complete your degree. However, barring such circumstances the pilot will need to be taken as a whole or not at all.
